Give me a movie in hindi directed by Ram Gopal Verma shot in India.
Which are all movies shot in USA in 2005.
For each year from 2015 to 2019 for each genre, Adventure, and Drama.
What's the Chris Nolan film where time goes backwards?
What's the name of that Netflix film made by Martin Scorsese?
Give me the name of scifi movie from 2000 to 2020 directed by Ryan Cooler.
Name the DC movie that Todd Phillips directed.
She loves watching sci-fi movies because they take her to imaginative, otherworldly places.
Show me the cast of 'Star Wars' movie.
Which adventure flick did Leonardo DiCaprio win an Oscar for?
The club is putting on a production of Romeo and Juliet.
What was that space movie produced by Stanley Kubrick?
All comedy movies produced by Will Smith in french.
Which are all marathi series shot in 1996 composed by Shubham Bhagwat.
The crime rate in the city has been steadily decreasing over the past few years.
All japanese movies show in Sweden produced by James Benning released in 1930.
Give me a name of romantic movie from 2004 directed by Yash Chopra.
Give me a name of actress from 'King Authur: Legend of the Sword' movie.
All movies with title 'Fast and Furious' released after 2005.
What was the first Tarantino film that Christoph Waltz appeared in?
A documentary with music composed by Alfred Russo.
She loves watching romance movies because they make her feel happy and hopeful.
Give me a fictional movie in English directed by James Cameron.
Give me an English documentary of the Royal family released in 2022.
Show me all the movies that were released in the United States in the year 2000.
List all the movies that Tom Hanks has starred in.
Give me a name of scifi movie in spanish directed by Mel Gibson.
Give me a drama movie in hindi directed by Sanjal Leela Bhansali shot in India.
Find all the movies that were released in the 1980s and are in the comedy genre.
Show me the top rated movies that were released in the UK.
List all the movies that were released in Spain and are in the thriller genre.
Find all the movies that have English and Spanish audio.
Give me a series directed by Tim burton which is released recently.
Give me a drama/romance movie in English directed by Greta Gerwig.
Show me the highest grossing movies that were released in France.
Which comedy movie trilogy is Todd Phillips famous for?
List all the movies that Robert De Niro has starred in and are in the crime genre.
Find all the movies that were released in Italy and are in the romantic comedy genre.
Show me the top rated movies that have English and French audio.
Give me a legal drama series in English based on a law firm.
Give me a sci-fi movie about superheroes.
Name that Batman movie by Christopher Nolan that was shot in Chicago.
Which Zack Snyder movie that got re-released in 2021?
What's that 2022 Nicholas Cage movie with the long name?